Time Worked: 240 minutes.  Last Step Completed 35.

What was the average load time under each network speed? about 3.5 seconds

Does the emulator really seem to affect network speed? It didn't affect the speed to any noticeable degree.


What is the height of the View tree? height of the tree is 8

Examine the View showing the plus(+) buttonn. What kind of View is its parent? (3) Linear Layout

How many Views does its parent contain? Has 4 children

What is the relative index (position) of the plus(+) button view within its parent? [362,668][480,800]

Identify one instance of each fundamental component. 
Identify its corresponding source code file and find the line of code that defines the class as a subtype of one of the fundamental components. 
One instance is the AlarmClock. This is found in line 655 of the AlarmClock.java file.

Look in the res directory and find how many layout directories are there? 3 Layout directories are there.

Which specific device sizes and/or orientations would use each of the different layout directories you've found?
For the Layout - there are used on phones
For Layout sw600dp - there are used for tablets
For Layout-land - for Phones when landscape

How many different values directories are there? 56 values directories

Find 2 examples of resource strings that can be configured for different languages.
2 examples are: values-af from the desk_clock_button_description
                 values-ar from the night_mode_summary 

Look at R.java file that was generated for this application. there is a field in the id class called "cities". In which function and class does this field get used? How is it referenced in the applicaiton code?
It get used in the class CityObj by its function CityObj(SharedPreferences prefs, int index)


What is the log tag used by this application's main Activity? Where do you see that in the application's source code? 
The Log Tag is WikiNotes. It is seen in the WikiNotes.java source code.The message is Exiting onCreate()



What is the message associated with the first Log entry emitted when this application starts running?


How many objects have been created? 44,463
Which type of Object has by allocated most frequently? data object
How much memory has been allocated for this type of object? 788,125 KB

find a method that is part of the WikiNotes?
What is the name of the Method?
In what file is the source code of the method?
what are teh exclusive real time and the inclusive real time spent in this method? Why are they different?


What are the values of "mathResult" before and after line 94? 
There was no value before and there was 96 after line 94

Yes, the later result is correct.
